The confined Quincy King...
...regains his pulse after 900 years.
His mind after 90 years.
His strength after 9 years.
And
"WARNING"
What's the Sutra Scale at?
It's currently at Category 4...
It's quite serious.
You certainly took your sweet time
reporting this.
ELEVATOR TO THE SOUL SOCIETY
DEPARTMENT OF
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
I'm sorry, sir.
There have been minor ones
in the past...
but we've been able to handle them
with only slight adjustments.
112 more Hollow have disappeared
from 902-0201!
– We lost 51 from 6603-8983!
– Correcting border intensity by 0.24 degrees!
Notify the Correction Crew!
SOUL SOCIETY DEPARTMENT OF
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
Third Seat Akon!
The Hollows are continuing to disappear!
At this rate, within a few days,
the border between
the World of the Living will...
I've already informed him of that!
If you have nothing else to report,
leave us!
My apologies!
Captain, could this be...?
Isn't it obvious?
To be capable of erasing
the very existence of Hollows...
They are the only ones!
KARAKURA TOWN
Awright ... We're here!
My work here is done!
Now try to get along, you two.
Focus on exterminating those Hollows!
You got that? No fighting--
That hurt!
Don't be so quick
to hit me, Shino!
SQUAD 13 OFFICER – SHINO MADARAME
Get your act together!
Karakura Town is
our new post...
Stop being so nervous
and be more confident!
Got it, Ryunosuke?
SQUAD 13 OFFICER – RYUNOSUKE YUKI
I know that, but...
I'm just worried,
you know?
What's there to worry
when you're with me?!
No, that's not what I meant.
I've heard that the rate of
Hollow appearances
in Karakura Town is high...
It makes me wonder
if I'm the right person to be sent
to a place like this...
Besides, I heard that this town
has a really strong
Substitute Soul Reaper.
So what's the point of me
even being here?
Listen to yourself!
Stop being such a wuss!
They increased the number of
personnel stationed here to two...
so that we don't have to rely on
this Substitute Soul Reaper as much!
Which means...!
They acknowledged your abilities.
But they're adding personnel
to prevent
this super strong person
from fighting...
It doesn't make sense--
Oh, just shut up!
I'll take the north side.
You patrol the south.
What? We're not going together?!
That would be a waste of time.
What's the point in sending
two of us then?
Or what? Are you scared?
Just say so if you are.
That's right, I'm scared!
Don't say it with such a resolute face!
You're pathetic!
I'm done with you.
Go by yourself and
grow some backbone!
Huh? C'mon!
That Shino...
I admitted that I was scared.
And she still makes me go
on patrol alone...
Please don't let me come
across any Hollows...
"Clank"?
It's here! It's here! It's here!
Shino, it's here!
Shino! Shino! Shino!
Hey, Shino--!
I have to do this...
It's just the two of us...
I have to...
save Shino...!
Huh? No way... How...?
Just from that one hit...?
Am I...going to die?
No...
I don't want... to die...
I gave you both some first aid.
I'll come back to heal you
when this is over.
Okay then...
Let's settle this quickly.
There are so many...
How can they take on all of them?
Shitenkoshun!
I...
reject!
ORIHIME INOUE
Brazo Izquierdo... Del Diablo.
La Muerte!
YASUTORA SADO
Licht Regen...
Whoa!
URYU ISHIDA
That was a close call...
Your arrow was way more dangerous!
What?!
Amazing...
I'll take you all on.
Ban... kai!
Getsuga... tensho!
W-Who are you?
Ichigo Kurosaki...
Substitute Soul Reaper.
ICHIGO KUROSAKI
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
"SOUL REAPER"
Huh?
If you're awake,
you're free to leave.
Huh?
We're here!
I brought some delicious bread!
Oh, you're awake!
Thank goodness!
You sure you want to claim
that they're delicious?
Those bread are leftovers,
meaning they didn't sell well, right?
Fine. No bread for those
who say such things!
Inoue's right.
You're the one who always
enjoys them the most.
Talk about ungrateful.
– I agree.
– Shut up!
By the way, what's with walking in
without ringing the doorbell?!
We met Yuzu right outside.
How about you stop talking
and get us some plates?
Why do I have to take orders
from you?!
I'm not ordering you,
I'm giving you advice.
It's for your own good.
Shut up!
You shut up too!
Y-Y-You're that guy from last night...!
You just realized that now?
No wonder you were so unresponsive.
For the record,
that was two days ago, not last night.
Huh?
You were asleep for over a day!
That long...?
– Shino! What about--?
– Here!
It's your share. Eat. It's good.
Uh... But...
You can't eat like that.
Hurry up and get into
that gigai next to you.
Next to me?
Do you have to scream
every damn time?
Why're scared of your own gigai?
No, that's not it.
I have no time for this.
Shino... Is Shino all right?!
I'm back.
I bought the colas...
Ryunosuke...!
Shino! Thank goodness.
– Your wound is healed--
– You're pathetic!
– Okay, let's eat.
– She dropped the cola...
– I think he'd like this yakisoba bread.
– Wait, wait! Shino, that hurts!
– Let's save it for him.
– Quit whining, you wimp!
– You're only saying that
– Hurry up
– ‘cuz you don't want it.
– and get inside your gigai!
Oh yeah.
I haven't asked your name yet.
You're right.
Allow me to answer. I'm Ebern.
Want to know my full name?
It's Asguiaro Ebern.
Any other questions?
I don't know who you are,
but get off my bed.
I beg your pardon.
Can you repeat that?
I didn't quite catch
what you just said.
I said, I don't know who you are,
but get off my bed.
I refuse.
Who was that?
He was wearing a Hollow mask...
Could be an Arrancar.
Who knows?
I'll go and drive him away.
"KUROSAKI CLINIC"
Um... Who was that just now?
Beats me.
Why did he kick me
all of a sudden?
Is he an idiot?!
Hey!
I bet you're here
because of me, right?
I'll hear you out, so follow me!
You think I'm here
because of you?
You're so full of yourself...
But you must be curious
about who I am!
Nope.
So, was Ishida right?
Are you an Arrancar?
Arrancar?
Did you come alone?
Did someone send you?
What do you have to gain
from fighting me?
Me? An Arrancar?
What's wrong?
Hey, that's a Quincy's...
What's the matter?
See something familiar...
Ichigo Kurosaki?!
RUKON DISTRICT – WEST 64 DISTRICT, SABITSURA
There's really nobody here...
There's no way
anyone in the Rukon District
could disappear
without being noticed.
Especially not on our watch.
There were supposed
to be a few left
SQUAD 11 FIFTH SEAT – YUMICHIKA AYASEGAWA
at the time
we got the report.
Which means
the situation is getting worse.
SQUAD 11 THIRD SEAT – IKKAKU MADARAME
Third Seat Madarame!
Fifth Seat Ayasegawa!
We searched the entire area,
but we couldn't find
even a single child!
So the entire village's been
spirited away...
This is almost supernatural.
Don't be ridiculous.
I'm not settling for that explanation.
Um...
What ? Is there something else?
Actually, there's something
you need to see...
It's these footprints...
They all come together here
in one spot, then cease.
You see what I'm seeing, Yumichika?
Yeah.
The footprints are either
from sandals or bare feet.
This wasn't the work of
a Hollow or some such...
The residents of the Rukon District
abducted their own people.
What?! What does that mean...?
It's our job to find out!
Keep looking!
There may be other clues!
– Yes, sir!
"CLEAR"
SQUAD 1 BARRACKS – HEAD CAPTAIN'S OFFICE
That was Sasakibe's...
Head Captain! Reporting...!
Who's there...?
It is nice to meet you...
Head Captain of
the 13 Court Guard Squads...
Shigekuni Genryusai Yamamoto...
I presume.
We have come to declare war.
That item he was carrying...
If so, is he...?
But the mask he's wearing is
only worn by Arrancars...
I must admit, I was shocked.
This office is like
the private quarters
of the Head Captain of
the 13 Court Guard Squads.
And yet,
it was so easy to infiltrate.
Perhaps your attention
to security is a bit low?
I have nothing to fear.
I am here.
There is no greater security
than that.
I see...
Sasakibe...!
Don't mourn for him.
He should be praised.
He has single-handedly demonstrated
the fate that awaits your people.
In other words,
a hopeless death
following a desperate struggle.
Five days from now,
the Soul Society...
will be annihilated by the Wandenreich.
Those eyes...
You must want to ask,
"Who are you people?"
Yet you also know that we would
never answer that question.
You should be able to guess
who we are.
Farewell.
Stop right there!
What's the matter, Ichigo Kurosaki?
Is dodging the best you can do?
Is that the extent of your powers?!
That's odd...
All he's been doing is taunting me.
At this rate, you'll never be able to
beat me without using your Bankai!
Another taunt...
I don't know who he is,
or why he's attacking me.
I guess I have no choice...
but to play along.
They got away...!
M-Master Genryusai...
Th-There is something
I must tell you...
Ban...
Here it comes!
Th-The enemy...
This is it, Ichigo Kurosaki!
Our Bankai...! They can...
Your Bankai...
ends here!
...kai!
What... is that?!
Aufreide... Meer eh wolken,
wolken eh regen, regen eh nebel.
Sieht balle eh um sieht ballen.
Wir gut freude.
Danach Vrund Dill Becher.
Now!
Getsuga... tensho!
Damn it... Why...?
Why won't his Bankai disappear?!
What do you mean by
my Bankai disappearing?
In the last five minutes,
I've got a ton of questions
I wanna ask you.
You're coming with me.
Damn it...
Don't worry.
This "shadow" only hides the chosen.
Damn it!
What the hell was that?
It wasn't a Garganta
that Arrancars use.
If it isn't Ebern.
How commendable of you
to be waiting, bowing down.
You fool...
As if I would ever bow down to you.
What?
Who do you think
you're talking to...?
Enough.
Huh?
How many times must I remind you?
Do not argue in my presence.
I dislike conflict.
Now then, let me hear your report
for the cause of peace.
ORIGINAL WORK / GENERAL SUPERVISION: TITE KUBO
BLEACH (SHUEISHA/SHONEN JUMP)
In the void of my heart,
I feel ill at ease
I cannot deal with it alone
My eyes, my nose, my ears
do not reach the inner me
In this boundless sea of ash
I had forgotten even my pain
But then you appeared before me
And I saw something invisible
within you
In the warmth that
we shared between us,
I was able to leave behind
a little of my weakness
Your words freed me
from my chains
Like the breaking of dawn
I knew that this light
in my hand was a soul
SPECIAL ENDING THEME SONG "RAPPORT"
BY TATSUYA KITANI (SONY MUSIC LABELS)
ICHIGO KUROSAKI / MASAKAZU MORITA
In a nightmare where I hurt someone
Over and over,
I took shallow breaths
And aimed the arrows toward
the depths of my heart
In the peace of solitude
I hoped for a quiet end
Something grew cold and lonely
inside me
But it didn't matter
That in wanting to love
and to be loved
There is just as much pain
Because the depths of my caged heart
Were filled by you
The walls have crumbled,
a bridge has been built
With the breath you gave me
With a gentle blade
I wished to protect
This formless light in my hand
SERIES DIRECTOR: TOMOHISA TAGUCHI
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
©Tite Kubo/Shueisha, TV TOKYO, dentsu, Pierrot
"Take one step in...,
and never return"
"The sea of blood...,
of the universe."